OBSDOCS-868: Release notes for Distributed Tracing 3.2 (#75505)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/distr_tracing/distr_tracing_rn/distr-tracing-rn-past-releases.adoc

[id="distributed-tracing-rn_3-1-1_tempo-release-notes_known-issues"]
==== Known issues

//There is currently a known issue:
There are currently known issues:

* Currently, when used with the {TempoOperator}, the Jaeger UI only displays services that have sent traces in the last 15 minutes. For services that did not send traces in the last 15 minutes, traces are still stored but not displayed in the Jaeger UI. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-3139[TRACING-3139])
* Currently, the {TempoShortName} fails on the IBM Z (`s390x`) architecture. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/TRACING-3545[TRACING-3545])

// Jaeger section
[id="distributed-tracing-rn_3-1-1_jaeger-release-notes"]
=== {JaegerName}

The {JaegerName} is provided through the {JaegerOperator} Operator.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Jaeger does not use FIPS validated cryptographic modules.
====

[id="distributed-tracing-rn_3-1-1_jaeger-release-notes_support-for-elasticsearch-operator"]
==== Support for {es-op}

{JaegerName} 3.1.1 is supported for use with the {es-op} 5.6, 5.7, and 5.8.

[id="distributed-tracing-rn_3-1-1_jaeger-release-notes_deprecated-functionality"]
==== Deprecated functionality

> In the {DTProductName} 3.1.1, Jaeger and support for Elasticsearch remain deprecated, and both are planned to be removed in a future release. Red Hat will provide critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components will no longer receive feature enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {DTProductName} 3.1.1, Jaeger and support for Elasticsearch remain deprecated, and both are planned to be removed in a future release. Red Hat provides critical and above CVE bug fixes and support for these components during the current release lifecycle, but these components are no longer receiving feature enhancements.
```

> In the {DTProductName} 3.1.1, Tempo provided by the {TempoOperator} and the OpenTelemetry Collector provided by the {OTELName} are the preferred Operators for distributed tracing collection and storage. The OpenTelemetry and Tempo distributed tracing stack is to be adopted by all users because this will be the stack that will be enhanced going forward.

Reviewer: I suggested something above to avoid future tense in this sentence.
